---
title: "Your Post Title"
date: 2025-05-16
categories: [category1, category2]
tags: [tag1, tag2]
author: "Your Name"
---

I'm not sure how to start this, but this topic is something deeply in my mind since I was a child growing up in Vietnam. 

I think the latest pop culture event within the Viet netizen sphere was really my final nail in the coffin, so here it goes.

Recently, Vietnamese singer Wren Evans was exposed by his ex Lim Feng - a fashion influencer and creative director who has been supporting him for years - for cheating on her with his backup dancer Mi Nga. Everything was laid out on the table, the texts, the dates, and the receipts. In these popculture moments involving multiple public figures, the first thing they attempt to do is exposing each other rather than keeping things behind closed doors. The second trend I notice is the intense vitriol directed at the second female in the story. I hope passer-bys can remember that these people's romantic life can only be known best by them. We, as the netizens, are ultimately outsiders with incomplete pictures and/or information. The comments directed at Mi Nga is insanely harmful. The girl got insulted not only as a woman but as a dancer, her profession, her body, and her character got shredded to pieces in the eye of the Internet storm. I ultimately don't want to defend cheater, but we as a society need to re-examine ourselves on how we treat a 20-year-old who did not even commit a crime and involuntarily had her name and identity involved in this mess, the hate train she received mirrors the disturbing trend in both Vietnam and US/UK pop culture.

Hailey Bieber vs Selena Gomez is a classic Hollywood rivalry that has negatively impacted both female figures, more on the former than the latter. 

We can examine a closer example through the story of Son Tung MTP - Thieu Bao Tram - Hai Tu love triangle story. I hesitate calling this a love tr

Yet all of these stories continue to have the insidious yet unsurprising narrative to them: the man is the ultimate culprit who instigated the drama, but the ones hurt the most will be the women. For one, they are often in a more powerful position to recover their reputation. For two, as a woman, your forgiven time will be years from now, and your career can not wait that long. 

